---
layout: default
head.title: CV | Yansyah's Personal Website
description: Yansyah's CV
title: CV
---

::div{.flex .flex-col .items-center .gap-y-5}
::::profile{width="256"}
::::
::

## :information_source: About Me

<!--- :icon{name="uil:user"} -->

**Andriyansyah Nurrachman** is a fresh graduate Accounting student who has an interest in the field of Information Technology and specializes in Information System and Business Process Management domain.

## :briefcase: Experiences

<!--- :icon{name="uil:briefcase-alt"} -->

### :office: PT Navcore Nextology \[Jul 2023 - Present\]

#### :person_in_tuxedo: Business Process Designer \[Jun 2023 - Present\]

- Ensured that the developed applications for B2B tour and travel marketplace is in line with business process and met busienss requirements by preparing test case and testing it.
- Work in coordination with developer to integrate internal application with ERP.

### :office: Makers Institute \[Mar 2022 - Jun 2023\]

#### :person_in_tuxedo: Business Process Designer \[Jun 2022 -Jun 2023\]

- Identified and discovered procurement business process in oil & gas company.
- Prepare business process documentation, chart of account and accounting treatment for B2C marketplace startup.
- Prepared functional specification document and designed wireframe for Accounting Information System.
- Ensured that the Accounting Information System application met business requirements and in line with accounting standards by preparing test case and testing it.
- Prepared functional specification document and designed wireframe for Inventory Management System.
- Designed wireframe, chart of account, and accounting treatment for B2B tour and travel marketplace startup.

#### :person_in_tuxedo: Business Process Analyst \[Mar 2022 - Jun 2022\]

- Identified, discovered, analyzed, redesigned, and implemented tax collection business process.
- Designed an executable business process model using Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) and Decision Model and Notation (DMN).
- Designed wireframe for tax collection application.
- Identified accounting treatment for tax collection process.
- Ensured that the tax collection application met business requirements and in line with tax law by preparing test case and testing it.

### :office: Faculty of Economics & Business, Universitas Padjadjaran \[Feb 2022 – Jul 2023\]

#### :person_in_tuxedo: Teaching Assistant for Business Process Management Course \[Feb 2022 – Aug 2022\]

- Guided and supervised teaching assistant regarding server administration and business process automation implementation.
- Guided student's business process automation project.

#### :person_in_tuxedo: Teaching Assistant for Business Process Management Course \[Feb 2022 – Aug 2022\]

- Calculated monthly budget for cost-effective Cloud Virtual Private Server (VPS) specifications.
- Setup, secured and maintained Cloud VPS for multi instance ProcessMaker deployment using Docker Containers.
- Prepared written and visual learning materials about Process Automation Implementation using ProcessMaker.

### :office: Center for Digital Innovation Studies (DIGITS) Unpad \[Jul 2020 – Dec 2022\]

#### :person_in_tuxedo: Research Assistant

- Committee of webinar and training events.
- Migrated, redesigned and maintained website from static pages to Wordpress.
- Processed and analyzed lecturer’s research data using Grounded Theory methodology about blockchain’s capabilities and challenges in Accounting and Assurance domain.
- Setup, designed and maintained Open Journal System for Journal of Digital Innovation Studies (DIGITS Journal).
- Supervised and guided website admin intern.
- Contacted and guided respondents to fill research survey data about standard prices for design services and remuneration for design profession in Indonesia conducted by DIGITS and Ministry of Tourism and Creative Economy.
- Prepared survey questionnaire, visualized survey data using Google Data Studio and analyzed survey data about MOOC-based digital entrepreneurship curriculum conducted by DIGITS in collaboration with Ministry of Communication and Information Technology and OoRANGE Unpad.

### :office: PT GITS Indonesia \[Aug 2021 – Dec 2021\]

#### :person_in_tuxedo: Implementation Team

- Gathered user requirements for Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) development project through interview and
  document analysis.
- Created business process documentation using Flowchart.
- Worked in coordination with Back End Developer to design a relational database for ERP System using Entity
  Relation Diagram.
- Worked in coordination with Front End Developer to design a wireframe.
- Worked in coordination with Technical Writer to make Software Requirement Specification (SRS) document.
- Developed Standard Operating Procedure for ERP usage.
- Ensured that the developed ERP is in line with business process and met user requirements by validating it to
  the user.
- Prepared Functional Specifications Document (FSD).

### :office: Student Study Service \[Jan 2021 – Feb 2021\]

- Develop, designed and maintained blog to post educational content about fishery products for SMEs.
- Created content for social media and blog.
- Designed catalog for SMEs.
- Helped SMEs register their location to Google Maps.

## :school: Educations

<!--- :icon{name="uil:graduation-cap"} -->

### :office: Universitas Padjadjaran \[2018 – Present\]

#### :mortar_board: Bachelor of Accounting

- Information Systems Concentration
- Current GPA: 3.59
- Best and favorite courses:

  - Business Process Management
  - IT Governance
  - Management Information System
  - Accounting Information System
  - Database Management System
  - System Analysis and Design Method.

## :brain: Skills & Interests

<!-- :icon{name="uil:brain"} -->

#### Skills

- Problem Solving
- Analytical Skill
- Information Systems
- Business Process Management
- BPMN
- SQL
- Python
- Office Suite (Microsoft Office, Google Workspace)
<!-- Python -->

#### Interests

- Information Technology
- Business Process Automation

## :trophy: Certificates

<!-- :icon{name="uil:award"} -->

- [Rutgers University's SWAM Course](/certificates#rutgers-universitys-swam-course)
  - Process Mining
  - Audit Automation
  - AI in Accounting and Auditing
  - Audit Data Preprocessing
- [Test of English Proficiency and Skill](/certificates#test-of-english-proficiency-and-skill)

  Total Score: 563
  
- [EF Standard English Test (EF SET)](/certificates#ef-sets-english-test)

  C2 Proficient

- [GITS Indonesia's Internship](/certificates#gits-indonesias-internship)

Certificates Document: [https://yansyah.my.id/certificates](/certificates)

## :construction: Projects

- [Website for DIGITS Unpad \[2022\]](/projects/#website-for-digits-unpad-2022)
- [Open Journal Systems for Journal of Digital Innovation Studies \[2021\]](/projects/#open-journal-systems-for-journal-of-digital-innovation-studies-2021)
- [Website for Student Study Service \[2021\]](/projects/#website-for-student-study-service-2021)
- [Website for DIGITS Unpad \[2020\]](/projects/#website-for-digits-unpad-2020)

Projects Detail: [https://yansyah.my.id/projects](/projects/#website-for-digits-unpad-2020)
