---
title: CV 
description: Yansyah's CV
icon: lucide:file-text
---

::profile{name="Andriyansyah Nurrachman" location="Bandung, Indonesia" imageUrl="/img/yansyah.jpeg"}
::

## :raising_hand_man: About Me

**Andriyansyah Nurrachman** is an experienced Business Process Designer across diverse industries. He is proficient in designing operating models, applying BPMN and DMN for business process modeling, designing charts of accounts and accounting treatments, and designing information systems. In addition to his proficiency in office suites software, he is also proficient in Python and SQL. He leverage his skills as Business Process Designer on various business process automation and application development projects for digital transformation. He holds a Bachelor of Accounting degree with a concentration in Information Systems from Universitas Padjadjaran.

## :briefcase: Experiences

### :office: PT Navcore Nextology \[Jun 2023 - Present\]

#### :man_in_tuxedo: Business Process Designer \[Jun 2023 - Present\]

- Facilitated the alignment of B2B tour and travel applications with business processes and requirements through the creation and testing of test cases.
- Collaborated with developers to ensure seamless integration of internal applications with the enterprise resource planning (ERP) system.
- Implemented business processes by utilizing low-code tools to combine BPMN, DMN, and REST API.
- Automated repetitive tasks using Python scripts.
- Designed an operation model based on the business models of the marketplace and tourism industries.

### :office: Makers Institute \[Mar 2022 - Jun 2023\]

#### :man_in_tuxedo: Business Process Designer \[Jun 2022 -Jun 2023\]

- Identified and discovered procurement business processes within the oil and gas sector.
- Prepared business process documentation, chart of accounts, and accounting treatment for a B2C marketplace startup.
- Developed functional specification documents and designed wireframes for an Accounting Information System.
- Validated that the Accounting Information System application aligned with business requirements and accounting standards by creating and executing test cases.
- Prepared functional specification documents and designed wireframes for an Inventory Management System.
- Designed wireframes, charts of accounts, and accounting treatment for a B2B tour and travel company.

#### :man_in_tuxedo: Business Process Analyst \[Mar 2022 - Jun 2022\]

- Identified, discovered, analyzed, redesigned, and implemented tax collection business processes.
- Designed and developed an executable business process model utilizing Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) and Decision Model and Notation (DMN) methodologies.
- Created a wireframe for the tax collection application.
- Determined the appropriate accounting treatment for the tax collection process, ensuring compliance with relevant tax laws and regulations.
- Verified the alignment of the tax collection application with business requirements and tax laws through the preparation and execution of comprehensive test cases.

### :office: Faculty of Economics & Business, Universitas Padjadjaran \[Feb 2022 – Jul 2023\]

#### :man_in_tuxedo: Teaching Assistant for Business Process Management Course \[Feb 2023 – Jul 2023\]

- Provided guidance and supervision to a teaching assistant concerning server administration and business process automation implementation.
- Guided students in their business process automation projects.

#### :man_in_tuxedo: Teaching Assistant for Business Process Management Course \[Feb 2022 – Aug 2022\]

- Calculated the monthly budget for a cost-effective Cloud Virtual Private Server (VPS) in accordance with specified requirements.
- Setup, safeguarded, and maintained a Cloud VPS for multi-instance ProcessMaker deployment using Docker Containers.
- Prepared written and visual educational materials pertaining to Process Automation Implementation using ProcessMaker.

### :office: Center for Digital Innovation Studies (DIGITS) Unpad \[Jul 2020 – Dec 2022\]

#### :man_in_tuxedo: Research Assistant

- Served as a committee member for organizing webinars and training events.
- Migrated, redesigned, and maintained website
- Transitioned website from static pages to a WordPress platform.
- Utilized Grounded Theory methodology to process and analyze lecturers' research data concerning blockchain's capabilities and challenges within the Accounting and Assurance domain.
- Setup, designed, and administered the Open Journal System for the Journal of Digital Innovation Studies (DIGITS Journal).
- Provided supervision and guidance to a website administration intern.
- Facilitated the process of reaching out to and guiding respondents to complete a research survey regarding standard prices for design services and remuneration for the design profession in Indonesia, conducted by DIGITS and the Ministry of Tourism and Creative Economy.
- Contributed to the development of a survey questionnaire, visualized survey data using Google Data Studio, and analyzed survey data related to a MOOC-based digital entrepreneurship curriculum conducted by DIGITS in collaboration with the Ministry of Communication and Information Technology and OoRANGE Unpad.

### :office: PT GITS Indonesia \[Aug 2021 – Dec 2021\]

#### :man_in_tuxedo: Implementation Team

- Conducted interviews and analyzed documents to gather user requirements for the development of an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system.
- Created business process documentation using flowchart diagram.
- Collaborated with back-end developers to design a relational database for the ERP system using entity-relationship diagrams.
- Worked in coordination with front-end developers to create a wireframe.
- Collaborated with technical writers to develop the Software Requirement Specification (SRS) document.
- Developed a Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) for ERP usage.
- Verified the developed ERP system with users to ensure alignment with business processes and user requirements.
- Prepared a Functional Specifications Document (FSD).

### :office: Student Study Service \[Jan 2021 – Feb 2021\]

- Develop, designed and maintained blog to post educational content about fishery products for SMEs.
- Created content for social media and blog.
- Designed catalog for SMEs.
- Helped SMEs register their location to Google Maps.

## :mortar_board: Educations

### :school: Universitas Padjadjaran \[2018 – 2023\]

#### :man_student: Bachelor of Accounting

- Information Systems Concentration
- GPA: 3.59
- Topic: [Business Process Automation Using Business Process Management System (Case Study on the Yearly Motor Vehicle Tax Collection Process at Samsat)](/go/bachelor-thesis)
- Best and favorite courses:

  - Business Process Management
  - IT Governance
  - Management Information System
  - Accounting Information System
  - Database Management System
  - System Analysis and Design Method.

## :brain: Skills & Interests

### Skills

- Problem Solving
- Analytical Skill
- Critical Thinking
- Systematic Thinking
- Information Systems
- Business Process Management
- Business Process Improvement
- BPMN
- DMN
- SQL
- Python
- Office Suite (Microsoft Office, Google Workspace)
<!-- Python -->

### Interests

- Information Technology
- Business Process Automation

## :scroll: Certificates

- [Rutgers University's SWAM Course](/profile/certificates#rutgers-universitys-swam-course)
  - Process Mining
  - Audit Automation
  - AI in Accounting and Auditing
  - Audit Data Preprocessing
- [Test of English Proficiency and Skill](/profile/certificates#test-of-english-proficiency-and-skill)

  Total Score: 563
  
- [EF Standard English Test (EF SET)](/profile/certificates#ef-sets-english-test)

  C2 Proficient

- [GITS Indonesia's Internship](/profile/certificates#gits-indonesias-internship)

Certificates Document: [https://yansyah.my.id/profile/certificates](/profile/certificates)

## :card_index_dividers: Projects

- [Website Redesign for DIGITS Unpad](/profile/projects#website-for-digits-unpad-2022)
- [Open Journal Systems for Journal of Digital Innovation Studies](/profile/projects#open-journal-systems-for-journal-of-digital-innovation-studies-2021)
- [Website for Student Study Service](/profile/projects#website-for-student-study-service-2021)
- [Website Migration for DIGITS Unpad](/profile/projects#website-for-digits-unpad-2020)

Projects Detail: [https://yansyah.my.id/projects](/profile/projects#website-for-digits-unpad-2020)
